Astral: Yuma, are you
sure this a good idea?
Trey is convinced that you
stand in the way of his family's
plans. That belief will make
him quite difficult to defeat.
Yuma: I know that!
But I also know he's
better than he pretends to be.
That's why I have to duel him.
The only way I can
really learn what's in
Trey's heart is to accept
his challenge. That's a fact.
Indeed. I concede your point.
On the other hand,
you have only collected
four heart pieces so far.
You will not advance in the
tournament unless
you win this duel.
Tori: Yuma!
Hey, guys!
You came for the duel?
Bronk: We wouldn't miss it.
Cathy: That's right.
There's a lot
riding on this matchup.
Flip: Yeah, we'll have to
cheer you on to victory!
CASWELL: Or offer OUR
friendly support when you
go down in flames.
You guys really think
I could lose tonight, don't ya?
It was a joke! We all
have confidence in you.
We know you'll
win... for sure!
Trey May have lots
of cool cards,
and some tricky moves,
but in our book,
you're numero uno!
I agree.
That goes for me too.
Thanks guys.
I will win this thing!
Hooray!
Now Let's go!
Last one there's
a broken litter-Bot!
Vetrix: What's wrong,
Quinton? You seem worried.
Quinton: That envoy
from ASTRAL World May be
more powerful than you realize.
Don't trouble yourself.
Trey's triumph is assured.
[laughing]
the procedure
was grueling,
but Trey's power has
increased significantly.
But will it be
enough to defeat yuma?
[laughing]
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
I hope I didn't
keep you waiting too long.
You'll wish you
never came here at all once
you see the new
power that I've acquired.
You worked out at the gym?
He means new abilities.
Meeting your family and seeing
you together made me think...
About my own family.
I want to see them all
happy like they used to be.
But I can't help them as long
as you're standing in my way!
Can't you see that all I
wanna do is just help you?
That's why I'm dueling!
It will help us
become Real friends who
respect and trust each other.
I know that can happen.
If it weren't for dueling,
I wouldn't have made
friends with all of these guys!
And Trey... I'm sure
the same thing is gonna
happen after we have
our duel. You ready?
Yes. But I promise you...
we'll never be friends!
Duel Disk... go!
Duel gazer Let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
I'm drawing first, yuma.
And I won't show any mercy!
first I'll see if the powers I
received from vetrix pay off...
it's incredible!
i can see astral clearly!
he must be helping
yuma during his duels.
but that won't be
enough to keep yuma
from losing this time.
I activate a field spell...
Chronomaly city babylon!
Where are we?
Amazing.
Yes it is.
And what's even more amazing...
is now I get to summon this...
Chronomaly Tula guardian!
I'm free to summon this card
when my babylon Field is active!
It gives me a
gigantic advantage!
And to add to your troubles, I'm
summoning chronomaly golden jet!
I activate golden
jet's special ability.
Once per turn, I
can increase its level.
Yuma! Get ready...
I overlay my level 5
golden jet and Tula guardian!
With These two monsters I build
the overlay network and Xyz
summon NUMBER 33:
Chronomaly machu mech!
Whoa! Didn't take him
long to bring a number out!
I play a facedown
and end my turn!
Your skills are no
match for my new power
yuma, I will out-Duel you!
If you think this duel is just
about winning... then you don't
understand anything!
Dueling is more than that.
It's about trying your
best and high-Fiving the sky!
Sorry, yuma.
But you've high-Fived
the sky for the last time.
I don't think so!
I'm just getting started, Trey!
All right, my move.
Hold back, yuma.
Remember Trey has machu mech
on his field. You
must focus on defense.
I sense that he is determined
to prevail in this duel no
matter what the
cost. Be careful.
Attacking Trey Recklessly
may cost you the duel.
Fine! Then I'll play it safe!
I guess this monster
will do the trick.
I'll also play a
facedown and end my turn.
My draw!
And I'll kick
things off by Activating
my palenque Sarcophagus spell!
I can use this whenever I have
a chronomaly card on my field.
It permits me to take
two more cards from my deck!
And on top of that,
there's a specific monster
I can summon from my hand
whenever I activate a spell!
Meet the mighty
ancient warrior...
Chronomaly aztec Mask golem!
I saw that before...
Sorry for geeking out, but
this collection is incredible!
It's just like the
stuff in my favorite cards!
Look!
Isn't that an aztec Mask golem?
Aztec Mask golem, attack!
Show me what yuma's hiding.
Palenque power pummel!
I knew it. It's gogogo golem.
With only 1500 attack points,
Trey's attack has failed.
Gogogo won't get a scratch!
Good work.
Because your golem is
in defense mode, it is
indestructible once every turn.
Which means gogogo is safe even
if Trey attacks with machu mech!
But I'm not out
to get your monster.
I've got something
very special planned
with my chronomaly
Cabrera catapult.
He summoned a monster
with zero attack points!
But it has quite the
POWERFUL special ability.
By getting rid of
one monster on my field,
Cabrera can then
chain up one of your
monsters and wipe out their
attack points for this turn.
Not cool!
Wrap up gogogo golem!
Gogogo's helpless!
It also leaves you vulnerable.
Now I'll activate machu
mech's special ability!
When a monster's attack points
are changed, machu mech can use
an OVERLAY unit once per
turn to deal damage to you!
And that's gonna be a
big deal 'cause the damage
equals the tot
change in attack points.
Say goodbye to 1800
of your life points yuma!
Machu mech, take aim and fire!
Go infinity Cannon!
Now that Cabrera
catapult has done its work,
it switches to defense mode.
I'm gonna keep This
up till you're beaten.
Yuma's in big trouble!
I'll come back. Just watch me.
Trey has changed.
He's dueling differently
than he did in our last duel.
But how?
Remember, there are ways
of defeating any
strategy, even Trey's.
Look, I don't want any advice!
This time...
I've gotta win
the duel on my own.
But yuma...
it's my turn! Here I go!
I summon gagaga magician!
Arm it with an equip spell, now!
Astral, keep your lip zipped!
I activate my bound Wand spell!
Yuma...
remember that once
each turn you can modify
gagaga magician's level!
I know!
It's not like I
started dueling yesterday!
I'm changing gagaga
magician's level to eight!
Excellent!
Now I'll activate
bound wand's effect!
Time to make some magic.
Since gagaga's a
spellcaster, it increases its
attack points by its
level times a hundred!
Hold on...
what happens if he uses
machu mech's special ability?
Not that you need my advice,
but Trey would Avoid using his
monster's last overlay unit.
The effect would
do little damage.
Good news!
Gagaga... Smash
up that Cabrera catapult!
I saw this attack coming.
Too bad for you I had
a card ready to block it.
A trap!
Stone Bola not only negates
This attack... but it'll keep
your magician from
attacking on your
next turn too.
I can't believe it!
you can't stop me, astral!
Yuma, put a card facedown.
Be quiet!
I'm doing this my way!
And my way is to put a card
facedown and end my turn!
What a waste of time!
Now your monster's level returns
to normal and it loses the extra
attack points from
your wand's effect.
All that work for nothing!
It's my move!
I draw!
And now I activate the effect
of my chronomaly City babylon
field spell. Once
per turn, I can banish one
chronomaly monster from my
graveyard... and that lets me
summon another
Chronomaly monster from my
graveyard that's the same level.
So by Banishing golden jet.
Now... I can bring my
aztec Mask golem back!
next I'll switch
Cabrera catapult into attack
MODE again so I can arm
it with aztec Mask golem.
That's sick.
Trey, I can't believe you're
treating your monsters that way.
Well believe it!
These monsters of
mine are nothing more
than a means to an end.
You told me once that
you liked chronomaly cards.
What happened?
You happened, yuma!
Because of you my
monsters now have to suffer!
But Trey...
I'm using my
Cabrera Catapult's ability!
Again?
If he does another combo With
machu Mech's special ability...
Yuma will be in
big-Time trouble!
When it's over, he'll only have
three hundred life points left.
Then Trey just has to
attack with machu mech
to finish yuma off.
He doesn't stand a chance!
At last, the moment I
have been waiting for!
Use gagagarush, do it now!
Okay!
I play the trap...
gagagarush!
Since you targeted my
gagaga magician, this trap
negates your monster's
special ability and destroys it!
Next the trap checks
the attack and defense
points of your monster...
and whichever one of them is
higher... that amount comes
right back at you as damage!
As damage?
Since your catapult
has 1800 defense points,
you'll get hit with
the exact same amount!
Way to go!
I knew you'd do it,
'cause I'm your biggest fa
that was perfect!
Hey... How'd you know we should
be ready to spring that trap?
Trey is so obsessed with winning
it has blinded his judgment.
He cannot fool me.
He is predictable unlike you
who can never follow a strategy.
Is that supposed
to be a compliment?
We can win this...
right now!
Okay.
but I want more than that.
astral...
i Wanna help Trey So he can
duel like his True self again!
The combination of
yuma's dueling skills
and astral's
strategic abilities...
is too great even
for my new power to overcome.
Listen Trey... why do you
keep sacrificing your monsters?
It isn't your style of dueling!
Am I right?
I don't know anything about
the new power that you got,
but you should
duel your own way!
You'll never understand.
When my family was torn
apart I was completely alone.
Without my father and
brothers I felt lost.
But when I did get
them back, everything
had changed for the worse.
What happened to them?
Why should you care?
Anyway my family
is all that I have got.
I won't let them down!
What's wrong?
Nothing!
I'm just trying my new Power on
for size, so I can destroy you!
Yuma!
My golden key! What's going on?
Having a deck full of powerful
number cards won't be enough to
defeat this tsukumo kid.
Yuma's father was the great
adventurer kazuma tsukumo,
it would be unwise to
underestimate his son
But the crest given to
Trey will rob yuma
of everything he
inherited from his father.
Yuma will sink into
despair and never recover.
Then he'll no longer
threaten our plans...
i'm feelin' the flow!
i'm feelin' the...
i'm feelin...
i'm...
wait... what was I saying?
i can't... remember...
it feels like I'm forgetting
something really important...
but... what is it?
Kazuma: What's wrong, yuma?
You didn't look
down, now, did you?
Young yuma: I can't do it!
I can't go any further!
Whaddya saying,
we're almost there!
But I'm, I'm scared...
Come on yuma, feel the flow!
Huh? What did
you say to me, dad?
Please I couldn't
understand you!
Just feel the flow!
Dad, please!
I need you!
Help me pleaseeeee!
There's no way.
I can't do it.
Hey, yuma!
Don't you wanna
try a high dive, too?
I can't.
I'm too scared.
It's just I have
this thing about heights.
If you give it a try,
maybe you'll see it's
not as scary as you think.
I won't dive.
I'm not going to do it.
It's impossible, Tori.
Impossible!
A perfect sweep! That was easy!
Nice Goin'!
it wasn't even close!
Hey, I don't get it,
yuma. Why did you get so
freaked out by this harmless
little equip spell card?
That was the sorriest
excuse for a duel ever.
In the end yuma!
That was just embarrassing!
Some Duelists
never know when to quit...
but you never even started.
Let's go find a real
duelist... who tries!
I can't...
I can't duel!
Sorry!
My fault!
I apologize!
Everyone who looks at
me... thinks I'm a loser.
Student B: Yuma's a reject!
Student C: Don't go near him or
you could turn into a chicken!
Student D: He's so pathetic!
Loser! Loser!
Why am I so scared?
I feel like I'm
missing something!
Whatever it
was is gone for good.
I lost it forever...
yuma, what is wrong? Tell me.
I'm scared. What if... I lose?
Maybe I should just give up.
What has happened to you?
I can't win this.
It's totally impossible!
Trey used that
crest to change yuma!
His unstoppable
spirit no longer exists!
And what's more...
yuma cannot see you!
Oh no!
Yuma, you must not
give in to fear or doubt!
Listen!
It's too late!
You can't help him anymore!
What now?
I'm removing you from
the equation, astral.
This crest gives me the
ability to immobilize you.
You're through!
All that yuma learned
from his father has been
wiped from
his memory. You are no
longer able to feel the
flow... And you can no
longer see astral
or the golden key.
In other words,
you're harmless to me!
Now, machu mech!
Destroy Gagaga magician!
Oh no! Yuma!
Yuma... Please hear me!
It's done.
I've separated yuma
and astral for good.
[eerie laughing]